Updates to Teams calling policy pages (#9386)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsCallingPolicy.md

Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowCallForwardingToPhone
Enables the user to configure in the Microsoft Teams client call forwarding or simultaneous ringing of inbound calls to any phone number.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowCallForwardingToUser
Enables the user to configure in the Microsoft Teams client call forwarding or simultaneous ringing of inbound calls to other users in your tenant.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowCallGroups
Enables the user to configure call groups in the Microsoft Teams client and that inbound calls should be routed to call groups.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowCallRedirect

> Setting this parameter provides the ability to configure call redirection capabilities on Teams Phones. The valid options are: Enabled, Disabled and UserOverride. When set to Enabled users will have the ability to redirect received calls. However, when set to Disabled the user will not have such ability. Note: UserOverride option is not available for use. There's no UX implemented for its management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this parameter provides the ability to configure call redirection capabilities on Teams Phones. The valid options are: Enabled, Disabled, and UserOverride. When set to Enabled users will have the ability to redirect received calls. However, when set to Disabled the user will not have such ability. Note: The UserOverride option is not available for use. There's no UX implemented for its management.

```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowCloudRecordingForCalls
Determines whether cloud recording is allowed in a user's 1:1 Teams or PSTN calls. Set this to True to allow the user to be able to record 1:1 calls. Set this to False to prohibit the user from recording 1:1 calls.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowDelegation
Enables the user to configure delegation in the Microsoft Teams client and that inbound calls to be routed to delegates; allows delegates to make outbound calls on behalf of the users for whom they have delegated permissions.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowNetworkConfigurationSettingsLookup

> This parameter is deprecated. Please use same parameter in the TeamsMeetingPolicy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This parameter is deprecated. Use the same parameter in the TeamsMeetingPolicy.

```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowPrivateCalling
Controls all calling capabilities in Teams. Turning this off will turn off all calling functionality in Teams.
If you use Skype for Business for calling, this policy will not affect calling functionality in Skype for Business.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowSIPDevicesCalling

> Determines whether the user is allowed to use SIP device for calling on behalf of teams client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines whether the user is allowed to use a SIP device for calling on behalf of a Teams client.

```

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowTranscriptionForCalling
Determines whether post-call transcriptions are allowed. Set this to True to allow. Set this to False to prohibit.

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowVoicemail

> Enables inbound calls to be routed to voice mail. Valid options are: AlwaysEnabled, AlwaysDisabled, UserOverride. When set to AlwaysDisabled, calls are never routed to voicemail, regardless of the call forward or unanswered settings for the user. Voicemail isn't available as a call forwarding or unanswered setting in Teams. When set to AlwaysEnabled, calls are always forwarded to voicemail on unanswered after ringing for thirty seconds, regardless of the unanswered call forward setting for the user. When set to UserOverride, calls are forwarded to voicemail based on the call forwarding and/or unanswered settings for the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables inbound calls to be routed to voicemail. Valid options are: AlwaysEnabled, AlwaysDisabled, and UserOverride. When set to AlwaysDisabled, calls are never routed to voicemail, regardless of the call forward or unanswered settings for the user. Voicemail isn't available as a call forwarding or unanswered setting in Teams. When set to AlwaysEnabled, calls are always forwarded to voicemail on unanswered after ringing for thirty seconds, regardless of the unanswered call forward setting for the user. When set to UserOverride, calls are forwarded to voicemail based on the call forwarding and/or unanswered settings for the user.

```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AllowWebPSTNCalling
Allows PSTN calling from the Team web client.

```yaml
Type: Object
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -AutoAnswerEnabledType

> Setting this parameter allows you to enable or disable auto answer for incoming meeting invites on Teams Phones. It is turned off by default. Valid options are Enabled and Disabled. This setting applies only to incoming meeting invites and does not include support for other call types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this parameter allows you to enable or disable auto-answer for incoming meeting invites on Teams Phones. It is turned off by default. Valid options are Enabled and Disabled. This setting applies only to incoming meeting invites and does not include support for other call types.

```

```yaml
Type: Enum
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Disabled
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -BusyOnBusyEnabledType

> Setting this parameter lets you configure how incoming calls are handled when a user is already in a call or conference or has a call placed on hold. Valid options are: Enabled, Unanswered, Disabled. When set to Enabled, new or incoming calls will be rejected with a busy signal. When set to Unanswered, the user's unanswered settings will take effect, such as routing to voicemail or forwarding to another user. Note: UserOverride option value is not available for use currently, if set it will be read as setting value to Disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this parameter lets you configure how incoming calls are handled when a user is already in a call or conference or has a call placed on hold. Valid options are: Enabled, Unanswered, and Disabled. When set to Enabled, new or incoming calls will be rejected with a busy signal. When set to Unanswered, the user's unanswered settings will take effect, such as routing to voicemail or forwarding to another user. Note: UserOverride option value is not available for use currently, if set it will be read as setting the value to Disabled.

```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -CallRecordingExpirationDays
Sets the expiration of the recorded 1:1 calls. Default is 60 days.

```yaml
Type: Long
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Description

> Enables administrators to provide explanatory text about the calling policy. For example, the Description might indicate the users the policy should be assigned to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables administrators to provide explanatory text about the calling policy. For example, the Description might indicate the users to whom the policy should be assigned.

```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -LiveCaptionsEnabledTypeForCalling

> Determines whether real-time captions are available for the user in Teams calls. Set this to DisabledUserOverride to allow user to turn on live captions. Set this to Disabled to prohibit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Determines whether real-time captions are available for the user in Teams calls. Set this to DisabledUserOverride to allow the user to turn on live captions. Set this to Disabled to prohibit.

```

Possible values:
- DisabledUserOverride
- Disabled

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -MusicOnHoldEnabledType
Setting this parameter allows you to turn on or turn off the music on hold when a caller is placed on hold. It is turned on by default. Valid options are Enabled, Disabled, and UserOverride. For now, setting the value to UserOverride is the same as Enabled.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Enabled
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PreventTollBypass
Setting this parameter to True will send calls through PSTN and incur charges rather than going through the network and bypassing the tolls. 

> **Note**: Do not set this parameter to True for Calling Plan users as it will prevent successful call routing. This setting only works with Direct Routing that is configured to handle location based routing restrictions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: Do not set this parameter to True for Calling Plan users as it will prevent successful call routing. This setting only works with Direct Routing which is configured to handle location-based routing restrictions. 

```

Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: Enabled
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -PreventTollBypass
Setting this parameter to True will send calls through PSTN and incur charges rather than going through the network and bypassing the tolls. 

**Note**: Do not set this parameter to True for Calling Plan users as it will prevent successful call routing. This setting only works with Direct Routing which is configured to handle location-based routing restrictions. 

```yaml
Type: Boolean
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SafeTransferEnabled
**Note**: This parameter will be deprecated. The Safe Transfer feature in Microsoft Teams is not controlled by this parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -SpamFilteringEnabledType
Determines Spam filtering mode.

Possible values:

> - Enabled - Spam Filtering is fully enabled. Both Basic and Captcha IVR checks are performed. In case the call is considered as spam, user will get "Spam Likely" notification in Teams
> - Disabled - Spam Filtering is completely disabled. No checked are performed. "Spam Likely" notification will not appear.
> - EnabledWithoutIVR - Spam Filtering is enabled partially. Captcha IVR (Interactive Voice Response) checks are disabled. "Spam Likely" notification will appear. A call might get dropped in case it gets a high score from Basic checks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabled: Spam Filtering is fully enabled. Both Basic and Captcha Interactive Voice Response (IVR) checks are performed. In case the call is considered spam, the user will get a "Spam Likely" notification in Teams.
- Disabled - Spam Filtering is completely disabled. No checks are performed. A "Spam Likely" notification will not appear.
- EnabledWithoutIVR - Spam Filtering is partially enabled. Captcha IVR checks are disabled. A "Spam Likely" notification will appear. A call might get dropped if it gets a high score from Basic checks.

```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -WhatIf
Shows what would happen if the cmdlet runs.
The cmdlet is not run.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: wi
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Confirm
Prompts you for confirmation before running the cmdlet.

```yaml
Type: SwitchParameter
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases: cf
Applicable: Microsoft Teams

Required: False
Position: Named
Default value: False
Accept pipeline input: False
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### CommonParameters

> This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable.
> For more information, see about_CommonParameters (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see [about_CommonParameters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

```
